So far so far
Anpanman of your face
It's been a lot of trouble making it, so it's because I always look sad
I wonder if today I would like to make Anpanman's body
It's either Yappa First Ann bread man of the body of it red cherry
So by the time I make my body
Hey Nde there is a body and feet in
First of all, I was worried about my feet with Canada and hit me
It is not necessary to make the hot human form
Boo Boo said, and Anpanman
After all, it is in with a Nico-chan mark because there is this smiling-chan mark
But I key is the turnout with the belt
See you Tteyuu immediately al little was entrepreneurs preparer yellow preparation
At first this is Anpanman's
This newspaper
It 's like the Pochi mart of my sister who looks like an All mark
And
Taka-chan's blog
Well then pro
wayne
Of the face that fits
Uu
Cage or
Hmm
It's not Nico-chan, it's not a cat
My eyes are so cute
me
How is it like this
Te a little close to a do it I hah hah hah Mitemi
It's kinda similar, let's make it ok
I will put on
Secretary and lower Kana
Hey, I have come to the body of Yes Na N bread Man
Good and
Without making the hand of Jean Panman
It is go round feeling But hero of Anne Panman
5 lost
I have you remember
me
It is not here but
It's getting bigger and bigger than ever
Gar to make a good or bad
Make the house a little round
Little wonder if felt to Pettanko rounded leave to'm a little Pettanko
It's a bit like this
To feel
What
The feeling to open
It was exactly like oo Anpanman
I'm have I Daneyoshi Anpanman sorry and after is de
Then I will make a belt
It is the most yellow
It is hiro
Verudo with a do ThatLookLikeThis
Good
Yoisho Hey Hey another Which is not sure Anpanman
Hey lot like
Fefefefefefefefefefefefefefefefe Fe Fe such
I have no problem
I made it so far
After all the face of the Pan-Pan Man
Yourself Anpanman
I wonder if I have everyone healthy
Whether everyone was fun Do Oh almost
Good
The fourth part new face came
Let's all do our best at 100 times energy
See you again
Thank you for watching the video to the end
Press the Subscribe button now and watch the next video